VERY ADVANCED REGISTRATION – In case with many sellers or we would get paid before the whole transaction take place as it is a case which it will take time to complete etc – rare cases a lot

Registration – Dmitry Buyanovsky – Reg. Nos. 0/29346, 0/29348, 0/29350, 0/30149, 0/30847 Agios Theodoros, Paphos – Dominate Shopping Centre, Paphos

Dear Louis Agathaggelou,

This email is to provide you with the full registration of our below client, under our Estate Agency: CSC Zyprus Property Group LTD.

Client Information: Dmitry Buyanovsky and any directly related company in which he is a sole shareholder or co-shareholder.

Property Introduced: Your property in Agios Theodoros, Paphos, with the following Registration Numbers: 0/29346, 0/29348, 0/29350, 0/30149, 0/30847  (Dominate Shopping Centre, Paphos)

Our Agency Fees:

4% + VAT based on the final agreed sold price. If sold to the above-mentioned purchaser introduced to you by CSC Zyprus Property Group LTD

Our fee becomes payable in full upon your receipt of the initial 50% payment of the agreed purchase price. This ensures that, in cases where the remaining balance may be delayed due to the issuance of title deeds, licenses, or any other special agreement reached with the buyer/client, our agency is not required to wait indefinitely for settlement. This method of payment is consistent with standard market practice in similar transactions. (very rare to use this)

Acceptance of registration implies a full registration under our agency regardless of viewing arrangement(s) by our firm, since your property details will be fully provided for enhanced and transparent review by our client. Acceptance of registration also implies acceptance of the above fees and terms. (can be removed if agent request or in case a viewing has been arranged it will not be used and in place of that the folloing will be used Viewing arranged for: Sunday 20th of June 2026 at 10:30am.

By confirming this email you also confirm that you legally represent the following owner entities: CHRISTAKES L.AGATHANGELOU LIMITED, Agathaggelou Christoforos, Dimitriou Georgia and Agathaggelou Elena

Please confirm registration.

For the confirmation, please reply ''Yes I confirm''

Looking forward to your prompt reply.